Add table azure_compute_virtual_machine_scale_set_vm closes #423 (#425)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-azure: docs/tables/azure_compute_virtual_machine_scale_set_vm.md

# Table: azure_compute_virtual_machine_scale_set_vm

You can scale the number of VMs in the scale set manually, or define rules to autoscale based on resource usage like CPU, memory demand, or network traffic. An Azure load balancer then distributes traffic to the VM instances in the scale set.

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  name,
  scale_set_name,
  instance_id,
  id,
  vm_id,
  region,
  resource_group
from
  azure_compute_virtual_machine_scale_set_vm;
```

> ### List Standard tier scale set vms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### List Standard tier scale set virtual machines
```

```sql
select
  name,
  scale_set_name,
  id,
  sku_name,
  sku_tier
from
  azure_compute_virtual_machine_scale_set_vm
where
   sku_tier = 'Standard';
```

### List all virtual machines under a specific scale set

```sql
select
  name,
  scale_set_name,
  id,
  sku_name,
  sku_tier
from
  azure_compute_virtual_machine_scale_set_vm
where 
  scale_set_name = 'my_vm_scale';
```

> ### View Network Security Group Rules for a VM

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### View Network Security Group Rules for a virtual machine
```
